like no others the three letters GTI
stand for supreme driving dynamics most
notably the seventh generation Golf GTI
gleams with sporty and technical
highlights outside and in it is all GTI
the innovative technology makes it a
sporty and practical companion for every
day
for example progressive steering the
variable gearing of the steering box
progressively adjusts the steering ratio
the result is a more direct steering
response with stability at high speeds
and more agility on winding roads
maneuvering is easy and direct with two
turns of the steering wheel from full
lock to full lock but the GTI
performance offers even more with 230
horsepower and enlarged ventilated
brakes all round it is built for the
racetrack with the 350 Newton meters
from its newly developed 2-liter TSI
engine it accelerates to 100 km/h in
just 6.4 seconds the front axle of the
GTI performance offers the finest in
sports technology the first
electronically controlled differential
lock in a front-wheel drive series
vehicle when pushed to the limit the GTI
and shawls stable handling around
corners by variably distributing the
driving force between the front wheels
the distribution of force pushes the
outside wheel more firmly onto the road
through the curve meaning it can
transfer more force than the inside
wheel with less load in the front axle
differential lock the electric hydraulic
pump rapidly builds up pressure which
variably actuates a multi-plate clutch
this blocks the differentials balancing
function and prevents the wheel with
less load from spinning without any
intervention from the air see the wheel
with higher traction draws the GTI
through the been this means agile and
loss free drive through Ben's at high
speeds without under steering this
torque vectoring effect allows the GTI
to follow the racing line precisely it
was more than eight seconds faster on
the Nordschleife air at the handling
limit the front axle differential lock
also has a you're dampening effect
stabilizing the GTI even without any
intervention from the ESC the GTI its
characteristic DNA and performance
technology make it a master of sporty
driving not just on the racetrack
you